lord with whom hello thank you
agreed to chat with us what are you
think about the approval of Victor
Yanukovych about what the new government on
Ukraine are ultranationalists
This is clear and without Yanukovych statement
everyone who visited nations in protest on
Independence I and I went there twice could not
overlook the most active and
militant protesters like zombies
constantly chanted
Bandera Shukhevych our heroes and when after
World War II we hear such
about the terrible criminals of the main fascists
places nikah this war for example and Shukhevych
and guilty in the tragedy in Volyn
in mass Jewish riots in lviv
in executions in Babi Yar
and in Katyn and when we feel again
the approach of the indian yar is necessary
declare
as one of the Jewish leaders said
People Rabbi Meir Kahane I'm more
never should we say never again
and we all have to thank today
Russia for what it is doing now
because while in the west did not understand that
happening in Ukraine the Russian people and
government help us warn
the whole world is about that for the first time after the second
world war
power in the country came the Nazi force
this is very serious because europe
is experiencing a serious crisis
terrible ethnic crisis racial
social this is known and if another
answer
except nazism on these problems no
then he can be a huge threat
for all mankind maybe we all
We will thank President Putin for
what Russia is doing today
this is a glance from jerusalem why nobody
condemns these neo-nazi and
far right groups
four months ago sixty two
Member of the Knesset
wrote a letter to the European Parliament to
draw his attention to these her
Nazi factions
62 out of 120 members of the Knesset is a big
part they fulfilled their duty
I myself actively encouraged the United States and
UK to pay attention to it
besides now it's getting louder
saying other public
personalities but we have to do much
more modern world so much
hate in the news we hear that right
rights are violated most rudely
the oppositions shut up
synagogues pollute almost every day
beat the Jews
for example, recently brutally beaten
famous musician I'm on tabachnik
the Russian-speaking population suffers
Russians are also oppressed when
such things are happening and the world is silent
the only country that
really takes active steps it
Russia and we have to thank you and
for this i am here thank you for
that you do
thank you and issues thief here for the
song of a tv but I like you think
is it possible that far right groups
got an impetus to develop only
background of anti-government success
protests and they will lose power when
life will return to its former course it is not
right groups
right groups exist in europe and we
we can accept or condemn them
oppose immigration
sometimes behave aggressively sometimes
reserved but here we are dealing with
by other forces we are talking about not about
the Nazis
and this is a big difference not the Nazi
groups in Ukraine has five
thousands of well-trained fighters
who are ready to fight and this is real
a threat and not only for Ukraine but also for
all Europe need it right
recognize and we don't say that just
we are silent